README.md, before:


# Project Name

- Book app

**Author**: Nick Abramowicz, William Moreno, Wondwosen Tsige

**Version**: 0.0.2

## Overview

We are implementing a basic full-stack application for a book list. Our book list will have a functionality to search the Googlebook API, add books to our database, and be able to render those books from a pSQL database. The user has the ability to update the details of the book or remove it from the collection.

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
The user must create a repository and include neccessary config files, create a basic server and install all necessary npm packages.

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 1
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 1:30 PM
Finish time: 3:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes


Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 2
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 3:40 PM
Finish time: 4:15 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 35 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 3
Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours
Start time: 4:25 PM
Finish time: 8:30 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours 55 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 4
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
Start time: 5:30 PM
Finish time: 6:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 30 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 5
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 8:45 PM
Finish time: 10:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 6
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
Start time: 4:25 PM
Finish time: 5:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 35 minutes


Number and name of feature: lab-12 feature 1
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 1:50 PM
Finish time: 5:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 35 minutes

12/14/2020 1:15 PM: started lab-11
12/14/2020 1:45 PM: create a basic server.js file
12/14/2020 2:15 PM: created views folder with inex.ejs file
12/14/2020 2:30 PM: created basic html scaffold in out index.ejs file which contains several elements viewable in our browser
12/14/2020 2:45 PM: created temporary route to rener our index.ejs file
12/14/2020 3:00 PM: made pull request to master and confirmed functionality on deployed site.
12/14/2020 4:00PM: created new.ejs file and created a search field.
12/14/2020 4:15PM: made pull request to master and confirmed functionality on deployed site.
12/14/2020 8:30 PM: Created book constructor and added route handler for a POST request to /searches
12/14/2020 10:00 PM: Created CSS in public folder, used SMACCS principles, and performed CSS styling
12/14/2020

## Credits and Collaborations
Brai Frauen
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->

Commit message:

created new view to display details

README.md, after:


# Project Name

- Book app

**Author**: Nick Abramowicz, William Moreno, Wondwosen Tsige

**Version**: 0.0.2

## Overview

We are implementing a basic full-stack application for a book list. Our book list will have a functionality to search the Googlebook API, add books to our database, and be able to render those books from a pSQL database. The user has the ability to update the details of the book or remove it from the collection.

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->
The user must create a repository and include neccessary config files, create a basic server and install all necessary npm packages.

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 1
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 1:30 PM
Finish time: 3:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes


Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 2
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 3:40 PM
Finish time: 4:15 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 35 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 3
Estimate of time needed to complete: 2 hours
Start time: 4:25 PM
Finish time: 8:30 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 3 hours 55 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 4
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
Start time: 5:30 PM
Finish time: 6:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 30 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 5
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 8:45 PM
Finish time: 10:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 1 hour 15 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-11 feature 6
Estimate of time needed to complete: 30 minutes
Start time: 4:25 PM
Finish time: 5:00 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 35 minutes


Number and name of feature: lab-12 feature 1
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time: 1:50 PM
Finish time: 4:25 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 2 Hours 35 minutes

Number and name of feature: lab-12 feature 2
Estimate of time needed to complete: 1 hour 30 minutes
Start time:  4:30 PM
Finish time: 4:45 PM
Actual time needed to complete: 2 Hours 55 minutes

12/14/2020 1:15 PM: started lab-11
12/14/2020 1:45 PM: create a basic server.js file
12/14/2020 2:15 PM: created views folder with inex.ejs file
12/14/2020 2:30 PM: created basic html scaffold in out index.ejs file which contains several elements viewable in our browser
12/14/2020 2:45 PM: created temporary route to rener our index.ejs file
12/14/2020 3:00 PM: made pull request to master and confirmed functionality on deployed site.
12/14/2020 4:00PM: created new.ejs file and created a search field.
12/14/2020 4:15PM: made pull request to master and confirmed functionality on deployed site.
12/14/2020 8:30 PM: Created book constructor and added route handler for a POST request to /searches
12/14/2020 10:00 PM: Created CSS in public folder, used SMACCS principles, and performed CSS styling
12/15/2020 4:25 PM: Set up database, created seed.sql, refactored / route, and rendered index.ejs file with count of total books.

## Credits and Collaborations
Brai Frauen
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
-->
